Update explanation of reactive variables to include interaction with useReactiveVar (#7246)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/local-state/reactive-variables.mdx

New in Apollo Client 3, **reactive variables** are a useful mechanism for storing local state outside of the Apollo Client cache. Because they're separate from the cache, reactive variables can store data of any type and structure, and you can interact with them anywhere in your application without using GraphQL syntax.

> **Most importantly, modifying a reactive variable triggers an update of every active query that depends on that variable, as well an update of the react state associated with all instances returned from the useReactiveVar React hook.** A query depends on a reactive variable if any of the query's requested fields defines a [`read` function](../caching/cache-field-behavior/#the-read-function) that reads the variable's value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Most importantly, modifying a reactive variable triggers an update of every active query that depends on that variable, as well an update of the react state associated with any variable values returned from the `useReactiveVar` React hook.** A query depends on a reactive variable if any of the query's requested fields defines a [`read` function](../caching/cache-field-behavior/#the-read-function) that reads the variable's value.
```
